now the days of David drew near that he
now the days of David drew near that he should die and he charged Solomon his
should die and he charged Solomon his
should die and he charged Solomon his son I goes away of all the earth
son I goes away of all the earth
son I goes away of all the earth be strong therefore and prove yourself a
be strong therefore and prove yourself a
be strong therefore and prove yourself a man and keep the charge of the Lord your
man and keep the charge of the Lord your
man and keep the charge of the Lord your God to walk in his ways to keep his
God to walk in his ways to keep his
God to walk in his ways to keep his statutes his Commandments his judgments
statutes his Commandments his judgments
statutes his Commandments his judgments and his testimonies as it is written in
and his testimonies as it is written in
and his testimonies as it is written in the law of Moses that you may prosper in
the law of Moses that you may prosper in
the law of Moses that you may prosper in all that you do and wherever you turn
all that you do and wherever you turn
all that you do and wherever you turn that the Lord may fulfill his word which
that the Lord may fulfill his word which
that the Lord may fulfill his word which he spoke concerning me saying if your
he spoke concerning me saying if your
he spoke concerning me saying if your sons take heed to their way to walk
sons take heed to their way to walk
sons take heed to their way to walk before me in truth with all their heart
before me in truth with all their heart
before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul he said you
and with all their soul he said you
and with all their soul he said you shall not lack a man on the throne of
shall not lack a man on the throne of
shall not lack a man on the throne of Israel moreover you know also what Joab
Israel moreover you know also what Joab
Israel moreover you know also what Joab the son of Zahra aya did to me and what
the son of Zahra aya did to me and what
the son of Zahra aya did to me and what he did to the two commanders of the
he did to the two commanders of the
he did to the two commanders of the armies of Israel to Abner the son of nur
armies of Israel to Abner the son of nur
armies of Israel to Abner the son of nur and a mesa the son of G thir whom he
and a mesa the son of G thir whom he
and a mesa the son of G thir whom he killed and he shed the blood of war
killed and he shed the blood of war
killed and he shed the blood of war and put the blood of war on his belt
and put the blood of war on his belt
and put the blood of war on his belt that was around his waist and on his
that was around his waist and on his
that was around his waist and on his sandals that were on his feet
sandals that were on his feet
sandals that were on his feet therefore do according to your wisdom
therefore do according to your wisdom
therefore do according to your wisdom and do not let his gray hair go down to
and do not let his gray hair go down to
and do not let his gray hair go down to the grave in peace but show kindness to
the grave in peace but show kindness to
the grave in peace but show kindness to the sons of barzillai the gileadite and
the sons of barzillai the gileadite and
the sons of barzillai the gileadite and let them be among those who eat at your
let them be among those who eat at your
let them be among those who eat at your table for so they came to me when I fled
table for so they came to me when I fled
table for so they came to me when I fled from Absalom your brother and see you
from Absalom your brother and see you
from Absalom your brother and see you have with you Jimmy I the son of Gera a
have with you Jimmy I the son of Gera a
have with you Jimmy I the son of Gera a Benjamite from Mahut m'm who cursed me
Benjamite from Mahut m'm who cursed me
Benjamite from Mahut m'm who cursed me with a malicious curse in the day when I
with a malicious curse in the day when I
with a malicious curse in the day when I went to May and naen but he came down to
went to May and naen but he came down to
went to May and naen but he came down to meet me at the Jordan and I swore to him
meet me at the Jordan and I swore to him
meet me at the Jordan and I swore to him by the Lord saying I will not put you to
by the Lord saying I will not put you to
by the Lord saying I will not put you to death with the sword now therefore do
death with the sword now therefore do
death with the sword now therefore do not hold him guiltless for you are a
not hold him guiltless for you are a
not hold him guiltless for you are a wise man and know what you ought to do
wise man and know what you ought to do
wise man and know what you ought to do to him but bring his gray hair down to
to him but bring his gray hair down to
to him but bring his gray hair down to the grave with blood
the grave with blood
the grave with blood [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so David rested with his father's and
so David rested with his father's and
so David rested with his father's and was buried in the City of David the
was buried in the City of David the
was buried in the City of David the period that David reigned over Israel
period that David reigned over Israel
period that David reigned over Israel was 40 years seven years he reigned in
was 40 years seven years he reigned in
was 40 years seven years he reigned in Hebron and in Jerusalem he reigned 33
Hebron and in Jerusalem he reigned 33
Hebron and in Jerusalem he reigned 33 years then Solomon sat on the throne of
years then Solomon sat on the throne of
years then Solomon sat on the throne of his father David and his kingdom was
his father David and his kingdom was
his father David and his kingdom was firmly established now a denied you the
firmly established now a denied you the
firmly established now a denied you the son of hagath came to Bathsheba the
son of hagath came to Bathsheba the
son of hagath came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon do you come peaceably
mother of Solomon do you come peaceably
mother of Solomon do you come peaceably peaceably I have something to say to you
peaceably I have something to say to you
peaceably I have something to say to you say it you know that the kingdom was
say it you know that the kingdom was
say it you know that the kingdom was mine and all Israel had set their
mine and all Israel had set their
mine and all Israel had set their expectations on me that I should reign
expectations on me that I should reign
expectations on me that I should reign however the kingdom has been turned over
however the kingdom has been turned over
however the kingdom has been turned over and has become my brothers for it was
and has become my brothers for it was
and has become my brothers for it was his from the Lord now I ask one petition
his from the Lord now I ask one petition
his from the Lord now I ask one petition of you do not deny me say it please
of you do not deny me say it please
of you do not deny me say it please speak to King Solomon for he will not
speak to King Solomon for he will not
speak to King Solomon for he will not refuse you that he may give me Abishag
refuse you that he may give me Abishag
refuse you that he may give me Abishag the Shunammite as wife very well
the Shunammite as wife very well
the Shunammite as wife very well I will speak for you to the king but
I will speak for you to the king but
I will speak for you to the king but Sheba therefore went to King Solomon to
Sheba therefore went to King Solomon to
Sheba therefore went to King Solomon to speak to him for a denied you and the
speak to him for a denied you and the
speak to him for a denied you and the King rose up to meet her and bowed down
King rose up to meet her and bowed down
King rose up to meet her and bowed down to her and sat down on his throne and
to her and sat down on his throne and
to her and sat down on his throne and had a throne set for the Kings mother so
had a throne set for the Kings mother so
had a throne set for the Kings mother so she sat at his right hand and she said I
she sat at his right hand and she said I
she sat at his right hand and she said I desire one small petition of you do not
desire one small petition of you do not
desire one small petition of you do not refuse me ask it my mother for I will
refuse me ask it my mother for I will
refuse me ask it my mother for I will not refuse you let abhisheka Shunammite
not refuse you let abhisheka Shunammite
not refuse you let abhisheka Shunammite be given to add a Niger your brother as
be given to add a Niger your brother as
be given to add a Niger your brother as wife now why do you ask
wife now why do you ask
wife now why do you ask I assured the Shunammite for Adonai gia
I assured the Shunammite for Adonai gia
I assured the Shunammite for Adonai gia asked for him the kingdom also for he is
asked for him the kingdom also for he is
asked for him the kingdom also for he is my older brother for him and for abaya
my older brother for him and for abaya
my older brother for him and for abaya the priests and for Joab the son of
the priests and for Joab the son of
the priests and for Joab the son of Sariah when King Solomon swore by the
Sariah when King Solomon swore by the
Sariah when King Solomon swore by the Lord may God do so to me and more also
Lord may God do so to me and more also
Lord may God do so to me and more also if Adonai gia has not spoken this word
if Adonai gia has not spoken this word
if Adonai gia has not spoken this word against his own life now therefore as
against his own life now therefore as
against his own life now therefore as the Lord lives who has confirmed me and
the Lord lives who has confirmed me and
the Lord lives who has confirmed me and set me on the throne of David my father
set me on the throne of David my father
set me on the throne of David my father and who has established a house for me
and who has established a house for me
and who has established a house for me as he promised Adonai gia shall be put
as he promised Adonai gia shall be put
as he promised Adonai gia shall be put to death today
to death today
to death today so King Solomon sent by the hand of
so King Solomon sent by the hand of
so King Solomon sent by the hand of benaiah the son of jehoiada and he
benaiah the son of jehoiada and he
benaiah the son of jehoiada and he struck him down and he died and to her
struck him down and he died and to her
struck him down and he died and to her by Arthur the priests the King said go
by Arthur the priests the King said go
by Arthur the priests the King said go to Anathoth
to Anathoth
to Anathoth to your own fields for you are deserving
to your own fields for you are deserving
to your own fields for you are deserving of death but I will not put you to death
of death but I will not put you to death
of death but I will not put you to death at this time because you carried the Ark
at this time because you carried the Ark
at this time because you carried the Ark of the Lord God
of the Lord God
of the Lord God before my father David and because you
before my father David and because you
before my father David and because you were afflicted every time my father was
were afflicted every time my father was
were afflicted every time my father was afflicted so Solomon removed a Bartha
afflicted so Solomon removed a Bartha
afflicted so Solomon removed a Bartha from being priests to the Lord that he
from being priests to the Lord that he
from being priests to the Lord that he might fulfill the word of the Lord which
might fulfill the word of the Lord which
might fulfill the word of the Lord which he spoke concerning the house of Eli at
he spoke concerning the house of Eli at
he spoke concerning the house of Eli at Shiloh then news came to Joey for Joab
Shiloh then news came to Joey for Joab
Shiloh then news came to Joey for Joab had defected to add an idea though he
had defected to add an idea though he
had defected to add an idea though he had not defected to Absalom so Joab fled
had not defected to Absalom so Joab fled
had not defected to Absalom so Joab fled to the tabernacle of the Lord and took
to the tabernacle of the Lord and took
to the tabernacle of the Lord and took hold of the horns of the altar and King
hold of the horns of the altar and King
hold of the horns of the altar and King Solomon was told
Solomon was told
Solomon was told Joab has fled to the tabernacle of the
Joab has fled to the tabernacle of the
Joab has fled to the tabernacle of the Lord there he is
Lord there he is
Lord there he is by the altar
by the altar
by the altar and Solomon sent benaiah the son of
and Solomon sent benaiah the son of
and Solomon sent benaiah the son of jehoiada go strike him down
jehoiada go strike him down
jehoiada go strike him down so benaiah went to the tabernacle of the
so benaiah went to the tabernacle of the
so benaiah went to the tabernacle of the Lord and said to him thus says the king
Lord and said to him thus says the king
Lord and said to him thus says the king come out know what I will die here and
come out know what I will die here and
come out know what I will die here and benaiah brought back word to the king
benaiah brought back word to the king
benaiah brought back word to the king thus said Joab and thus he answered me
thus said Joab and thus he answered me
thus said Joab and thus he answered me do as he has said but strike him down
do as he has said but strike him down
do as he has said but strike him down and bury him that you may take away from
and bury him that you may take away from
and bury him that you may take away from me and from the house of my father the
me and from the house of my father the
me and from the house of my father the innocent blood which john shed so the
innocent blood which john shed so the
innocent blood which john shed so the Lord will return his blood on his head
Lord will return his blood on his head
Lord will return his blood on his head because he struck down two men more
because he struck down two men more
because he struck down two men more righteous and better than he and killed
righteous and better than he and killed
righteous and better than he and killed them with the sword Abner the son of nur
them with the sword Abner the son of nur
them with the sword Abner the son of nur the commander of the army of Israel and
the commander of the army of Israel and
the commander of the army of Israel and a mesa the son of G thir the commander
a mesa the son of G thir the commander
a mesa the son of G thir the commander of the army of Judah though my father
of the army of Judah though my father
of the army of Judah though my father David did not know it their blood shall
David did not know it their blood shall
David did not know it their blood shall therefore return upon the head of job
therefore return upon the head of job
therefore return upon the head of job and upon the head of his descendants
and upon the head of his descendants
and upon the head of his descendants forever but upon David and his
forever but upon David and his
forever but upon David and his descendants upon his house and his
descendants upon his house and his
descendants upon his house and his throne there shall be peace forever from
throne there shall be peace forever from
throne there shall be peace forever from the Lord
the Lord
the Lord so benaiah the son of jehoiada went up
so benaiah the son of jehoiada went up
so benaiah the son of jehoiada went up and struck and killed him
and struck and killed him
and struck and killed him and he was buried in his own house in
and he was buried in his own house in
and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness the King put benaiah the
the wilderness the King put benaiah the
the wilderness the King put benaiah the son of jehoiada in his place over the
son of jehoiada in his place over the
son of jehoiada in his place over the army and the King put Zadok the priest
army and the King put Zadok the priest
army and the King put Zadok the priest in the place of a by effect then the
in the place of a by effect then the
in the place of a by effect then the king sent and called for shimmy and said
king sent and called for shimmy and said
king sent and called for shimmy and said to him build yourself a house in
to him build yourself a house in
to him build yourself a house in Jerusalem and dwell there and do not go
Jerusalem and dwell there and do not go
Jerusalem and dwell there and do not go out from there anywhere for it shall be
out from there anywhere for it shall be
out from there anywhere for it shall be on the day you go out and cross the
on the day you go out and cross the
on the day you go out and cross the brook kidron know for certain you shall
brook kidron know for certain you shall
brook kidron know for certain you shall surely die your blood shall be on your
surely die your blood shall be on your
surely die your blood shall be on your own head I'm Jimmy I said to the king
own head I'm Jimmy I said to the king
own head I'm Jimmy I said to the king the saying is good is my lord the King
the saying is good is my lord the King
the saying is good is my lord the King has said so your servant will do so she
has said so your servant will do so she
has said so your servant will do so she me I dwelt in Jerusalem many days now it
me I dwelt in Jerusalem many days now it
me I dwelt in Jerusalem many days now it happened at the end of three years that
happened at the end of three years that
happened at the end of three years that two slaves of Shammi I ran away to a
two slaves of Shammi I ran away to a
two slaves of Shammi I ran away to a Koosh the son of may occur king of Gath
Koosh the son of may occur king of Gath
Koosh the son of may occur king of Gath and they told shimmy I looked your
and they told shimmy I looked your
and they told shimmy I looked your slaves are in Gath
slaves are in Gath
slaves are in Gath so shimmy I arose saddled his donkey and
so shimmy I arose saddled his donkey and
so shimmy I arose saddled his donkey and went to a cash at Gath to seek his
went to a cash at Gath to seek his
went to a cash at Gath to seek his slaves and shimei I went and brought his
slaves and shimei I went and brought his
slaves and shimei I went and brought his slaves from Gath and Solomon was told
slaves from Gath and Solomon was told
slaves from Gath and Solomon was told that shamira
that shamira
that shamira had gone from Jerusalem to Gath and had
had gone from Jerusalem to Gath and had
had gone from Jerusalem to Gath and had come back then the king sent and called
come back then the king sent and called
come back then the king sent and called for shamea and said to him did I not
for shamea and said to him did I not
for shamea and said to him did I not make you swear by the Lord and warn you
make you swear by the Lord and warn you
make you swear by the Lord and warn you say no for certain that on the day you
say no for certain that on the day you
say no for certain that on the day you go out and travel anywhere you shall
go out and travel anywhere you shall
go out and travel anywhere you shall surely die and you said to me the word I
surely die and you said to me the word I
surely die and you said to me the word I have
why then have you not kept the oath of
why then have you not kept the oath of the Lord and the commandment that I gave
the Lord and the commandment that I gave
the Lord and the commandment that I gave you you know as your heart acknowledges
you you know as your heart acknowledges
you you know as your heart acknowledges all the wickedness that you did to my
all the wickedness that you did to my
all the wickedness that you did to my father David therefore the Lord will
father David therefore the Lord will
father David therefore the Lord will return your wickedness on your own head
return your wickedness on your own head
return your wickedness on your own head but King Solomon shall be blessed and
but King Solomon shall be blessed and
but King Solomon shall be blessed and the throne of David shall be established
the throne of David shall be established
the throne of David shall be established before the Lord forever
before the Lord forever
before the Lord forever so the king commanded benaiah the son of
so the king commanded benaiah the son of
so the king commanded benaiah the son of jehoiada and he went out and struck him
jehoiada and he went out and struck him
jehoiada and he went out and struck him down and he died
down and he died
down and he died thus the kingdom was established in the
thus the kingdom was established in the
thus the kingdom was established in the hand of Solomon
hand of Solomon
hand of Solomon [Music]